feat(DST-1483): remove ActionButton in favor of a slot-aware Button (rename ActionGroup → ButtonGroup) (#5494)
marigold-ui/marigold: docs/content/components/actions/link-button/index.mdx

### In context

`<LinkButton>` is the navigation flavor of [`<Button>`](/components/actions/button). When dropped inside a [`<ButtonGroup>`](/components/actions/button-group), or any container that publishes its own `ButtonContext`, it picks up the same `variant` and `size` cascade as a nested `<Button>`. The two coexist naturally in row-action clusters. Use `<Button>` for actions that fire on the current page (like "delete" or "archive"), and `<LinkButton>` for actions that navigate (like opening a detail page for editing).

<ComponentDemo name="linkbutton-in-button-group" />

<Callout title="Inside a ButtonGroup">
  `<LinkButton>` shares the full `<Button>` variant vocabulary. With no local
  `variant`, it inherits the group's cascade, which defaults to `ghost` so the

>   cluster reads as low-emphasis chrome. A local `variant` or `size` always wins

Reviewer: ⚠️ **Cascade default is wrong here.** `ButtonGroup` cascades `secondary` when `variant` is unset (`ButtonGroup.tsx`: `variant ?? 'secondary'`), matching the changeset and the `button-group` page. As written, a reader following this callout expects a low-emphasis ghost cluster but gets bordered `secondary` buttons.

```suggestion
  `variant`, it inherits the group's cascade, which defaults to `secondary`, the
  same baseline as a standalone button. A local `variant` or `size` always wins
```

Author: Good catch, you're right. `ButtonGroup.tsx` cascades `variant ?? 'secondary'` (JSDoc `@default 'secondary'`), and the changeset and button-group page agree. The callout was the only place still saying `ghost`. Accepted the suggestion in 34736d13f. Thanks!
